Update local-testing.md (#105)
google/kctf: docs/local-testing.md

cd $CHALDIR/test-1
make test-docker
sudo apt-get install -y netcat

> nc 127.0.0.1 external_port

Reviewer: What do you think about changing external_port to [external_port], the same way as [name_of_the_challenge]?

```

> When `make test-docker` runs, you will see `0.0.0.0:external_port->1337/tcp` in the terminal.

Reviewer: And if we change to [external_port], should we also change here?

### Connect to the challenge

Use the following command to connect to the challenge:
```
kubectl port-forward --namespace=[name_of_the_challenge] deployment/chal :1337 &
```

> Example: If you ran the challenge sample in the `samples/apache-php` folder, specify `apache-php` as the namespace. After forwarding completes, you can access `127.0.0.1:external_port` from your browser and should see a page similar to this one: 

Reviewer: I think this part would be better like this:
```suggestion
Example: If you ran the challenge sample in the `samples/apache-php` folder, specify `apache-php` as the namespace. After you run the port-forward command, it will be shown in the command line from which external port the challenge is being forwarded. With that information, you can access `127.0.0.1:external_port` from your browser and should see a page similar to this one: 
```
